feat(ddx): content review 2025-02-25 2/2 (#4488)
scaleway/docs-content: pages/dedibox-kvm-over-ip/how-to/dell-idrac6.mdx

The connection URL and your credentials display. Click on the link to access the iDRAC interface.

## Accessing the KVM-over-IP device using Podman

You can use Docker to access the KVM-over-IP device of your Dedibox.

### Installation

> - On **macOS** run the following command to install Podman:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On **macOS**, run the following command to install Podman:
```

```bash
brew install podman
```

> - On **Ubuntu** run the following commands to install Podman:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On **Ubuntu**, run the following commands to install Podman:
```

```bash
# Ubuntu 20.10 and newer
sudo apt-get update
sudo apt-get -y install podman
```

> - On **Windows** you can install Podman using the [official installer](https://github.com/containers/podman-desktop/releases).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- On **Windows**, you can install Podman using the [official installer](https://github.com/containers/podman-desktop/releases).
```

### Configuration

> 1. Create (once) a virtual machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Create a virtual machine:
```

  ```bash
  podman machine init
  ```

2. Run it with:
  ```bash
  podman machine start
  ```

> 3. When you have finished, run:

Reviewer: Not sure about this one. It felt like it was connected to this step on the line below. @bene2k1

  ```bash
  podman container stop -a ; podman container rm -a
  ```

>   to delete old sessions. You can also run this command if you won't need the virtual machine:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To delete old sessions, you can run the following command, if you will no longer need the virtual machine:
```
